have hyper Fram sweep data but this is
for
later we have other stuff to do at the
moment but we will leave uh a couple
experiments running over here for a
bit um
all right let's see what it is that
uh exploding
KL let's see what we've got
here stream
cool so K should be around in a moment
exploding K
huh
uh I'm going to need a w b for
this I can't tell KL just from from code
single file
trainer and
[Music]
then communication through streaming
sucks
uh I could jump in the Discord here if
you don't mind being on the stream and
if we need to talk about anything
confidential I'll just kill stream you
know what I just started this thing so
let me just I'll be back streaming in a
bit once we figure this out here